# Conditional Order

------

A Condition Order （Trigger Order）is triggered only after a preset condition has been reached. The trader needs to specify a trigger price as a condition for activating the order. Currently, the system uses the latest deal price as a trigger condition.

***Note:*** Before triggering, the condition sheet does not have any margin requirements. This means that the trader can successfully place any condition order, but if the account does not have enough margin at the time of trigger, the order will fail.

Currently, we offer two types of condition sheets:

**Conditional limit order**

Limit orders enter the order table based on their order price when the price reaches the preset trigger price.

**Conditional market order**

When the price reaches the preset trigger price, the market order will be executed at the best price at the time.

**Conditional order scenario**

Conditional sheets are often used in the following scenarios:

-`Chasing up`: Through the open position, the trigger price is set above the upper level, if the price goes through the upper level, then it’s a purchase on the rise.
-`Close down`: Through the open position, the trigger price is set below the bottom level, if the price goes down the bottom level, then it’s a sell on the fall.
-`Take Profit`: Leaving the target position, setting the trigger price at the Take Profit target level, if the price reaches this level, then it closes at Take Profit.
-`Stop Loss`: Leaving the target position, setting the trigger price at the Stop Loss target level, if the price reaches this level, then it closes at Stop Loss.

***Example***

Chasing scenario: In November 2020, when BTC was at $19,500, I boldly predicted that if BTC broke through $20,000, it would accelerate its rise to $50,000, and if it could not break through $20,000, it would not rise in the short term and stay still. To test this, I'm going to place the next order as follows: "If the BTC price reaches $20,000, I'll buy and open one more BTC, otherwise, just leave as is." At this time, I found that the limit price and market price cannot meet my requirements, because I do not know whether and when BTC can reach 20,000 dollars, I just cannot spend 24 hours paying close attention. So, I placed a condition order with the following parameters:

Trigger price: 20000
Order direction: Buy high
Order price: Market price
Order quantity: 1 BTC

The execution logic of my condition order is this: my condition sheet is like a robot that monitors whether the market price has reached the trigger price, and when the market price reaches the trigger price, the robot immediately submits a market order according to my parameters: Buy 1BTC market order. This market order will normally be immediately traded, then I can open a buy high 1BTC position around 20,000 U.S. dollars, then it’s just perfect!

This scenario is the use of conditions single chasing up, the same reason, conditions can also be used to close down.

In addition to chasing up and down and other open positions, we can also use conditional orders to close positions, this is the use of take profit stop loss scenario.


